Ethan Tuttle: Hello.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hold on, let me get my earbuds in
Ethan Tuttle: Alright.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm here I go.
Actually
Ethan Tuttle: You and I
Ethan Tuttle: Remember that I missed
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How are you doing,
I'm
Ethan Tuttle: Well, in some ways, I'm doing I'm not, I'm not like sober, but I'm
Ethan Tuttle: Other than that, I'm having a good day. I mean as good as I could expect
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you mentioned something in group. The other day that I wanted to touch base on
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that was your benzo blackout.
Ethan Tuttle: Um,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What happened.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hold on, I got close my door.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Ethan Tuttle: I'm not really sure. Like I go into this
Ethan Tuttle: Way. When I get him more than my worst shape. I'm kinda like, you know,
Ethan Tuttle: Taking different taking different pills to like so that I can focus for work and then I take them to that I fall asleep but then
Ethan Tuttle: There.
Ethan Tuttle: I don't know what it is but like maybe I'll get up and I'll take like a
Ethan Tuttle: Xanax or something.
Ethan Tuttle: And and then like a day will go by. It's like, I don't know what happened that day.
Ethan Tuttle: Some so that's
Ethan Tuttle: A that's a yeah that's a serious problem, but
Ethan Tuttle: Um,
Ethan Tuttle: It's funny, I think.
Ethan Tuttle: The
Ethan Tuttle: I came to started doing right heart. My ultimate goal is to get off of just all this stuff. And I don't want to
Ethan Tuttle: But, but I have two minds about that, obviously, because you know I can make a you can get I'm over getting on my knees and crying, and saying like, can we go be different tomorrow, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It was fun. Good.
Ethan Tuttle: Yeah, it could one thing that really absolutely worked was when I started going on.
Ethan Tuttle: The Suboxone and I wasn't getting high. And it seemed to reduce the cravings.
Ethan Tuttle: I don't want, you know, and I don't have any desire to stop doing that and start doing those drugs anymore. Some stole kind of tangled up in the
Ethan Tuttle: The anxiety meds and the
Ethan Tuttle: The like the
Ethan Tuttle: Where they call it Adderall.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: ADHD meds.
Ethan Tuttle: ADHD meds. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So in giving you just a little bit of information, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know that Suboxone is is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Has a little bit of opioids in it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, so you taking Suboxone and you taking bentos and having these blackout periods is is a huge red flag. You know those two together are dangerous combination, you know that right yeah okay so if you black out and you take you know that before you blacked out. You took one
Ethan Tuttle: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: My concern is, is that we don't know how many you've taken it during your blackout.
Ethan Tuttle: Right, I actually have a general idea.
Ethan Tuttle: But I'm
Ethan Tuttle: The. I mean, the problem is I just can't. I have to cut everything down to zero that
Ethan Tuttle: I'm struggling with cutting down the focus meds because it helps me so much their work and
Ethan Tuttle: You know, so
Ethan Tuttle: It's
Ethan Tuttle: When I play this story through my head. It's like, God, you know, it's like, I don't know what to do.
Ethan Tuttle: The pain meds were this thing I got into just as like a party thing and then like I'm over it. I started taking Suboxone that's that's totally effective the
Ethan Tuttle: That are all stuff. I really have to work on this somehow because I've gotten to the point where I don't feel like I can be effect like I can work anymore unless I take something like that. That helps me focus
Ethan Tuttle: And so I have to get, get my it's like I have to undo that story in my mind and and then you know that soreness.
Ethan Tuttle: similar story for the the anxiety meds because
Ethan Tuttle: I
Ethan Tuttle: I can't have this unlimited supply of them, and where I'm like taking on taking them all the time where I'm partying. It's because it's a disaster. It's totally dangerous.
Ethan Tuttle: But on the other hand, they've been a lifesaver. And these really are in these major situations. So I'm reluctant to say like, no, I can you know
Ethan Tuttle: So it's like I'm all confused about what my goals.
Ethan Tuttle: Are you know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Ethan Tuttle: I get much simpler if it was like, Okay, I just want to, you know, stop taking everything in your
Ethan Tuttle: It, you know, at least for
Ethan Tuttle: Obviously it's unrealistic.
Ethan Tuttle: Or it has been recently.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, I think you need to pay attention to the costs and benefits of what you're doing really
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because you you know might think that it's helping you productively. But isn't really when you're missing, you know, two, and three days.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And they don't know you know where you're at and what you're doing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean, all of a sudden you just drop off for a couple days from work.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so you know there's there's that piece. So really kind of taking a look at the benefits
Ethan Tuttle: Versus
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The cost and see if it's really doing what you think that it's doing for you, you know,
You
Ethan Tuttle: KNOW WHAT I MEAN FOR GOOD IDEA.
Ethan Tuttle: Costs and benefits.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because the idea is, if you think about it, once this job is over with and you move on to the next one.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what you you want them to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They love your work. You want you. You want them to believe in you, and believe that you're going to be there, believe that you're going to show up for work and everything, but you have, you know, you're creating this pattern of missing in this job.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And the next job might not be so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Great. You know what I mean, my might not be so forgiving and and
Ethan Tuttle: They won't be I mean like operating it my the level that I'm theoretically operating at
Ethan Tuttle: It. Yeah, and I have a lot of lot of fear around. I mean, we've known this is going to happen.
Ethan Tuttle: He the fact that the the job is anything. It's like I already knew about it. I already knew. I'm going to freak out about it and it's gonna be hard. I'm size kind of plan for the whole year to just
Ethan Tuttle: Suck and be hard because I gotta get I have to hand figure out sobriety and figure out a new job.
Ethan Tuttle: Which is just
Ethan Tuttle: So it's kind of like
Ethan Tuttle: My prior to dipping my toe into the back end. The are doing this deal with the devil with drugs again.
Ethan Tuttle: Prior to that, I had this like five years that were just five plus years. And we're just amazing. Like kept making more money and kept loving my job morn Lily and got married and
Ethan Tuttle: It's like on this incredible uphill swing and then I cracked her like everything crashed all in around the same time for, you know, for all these different reasons and
Ethan Tuttle: Yeah, one. So one's good.
Ethan Tuttle: One good way that I could look at it is, you remember that, um, the
Ethan Tuttle: The, the audit project that I was so freaked out about for so long.
Ethan Tuttle: Yeah, yeah. So I finally finished that like as far as I know, I've like submitted every single thing that they need.
Ethan Tuttle: It was like messy and confusing at the end and and now I think maybe there was like one thing that that that they still needed and I just submitted it, or early today, but I'm expecting to be on a call tomorrow, where we're like, yay. That's completely finished now.
Ethan Tuttle: And I've had calls it with
Ethan Tuttle: Several people
Ethan Tuttle: Like I just working just before I called you and I'm gonna jump right back into work.
Ethan Tuttle: After I talk to you.
Ethan Tuttle: So, I mean, this good transition period where I have two months where like before, I'm going to be let go.
Ethan Tuttle: As long as I don't like stop showing completely stopped showing up for work, right.
Hey,
Ethan Tuttle: We're I can straighten this stuff out and
Ethan Tuttle: I guess my goal right now is to
Ethan Tuttle: Like so I marry wrote me the prescription for the the
Ethan Tuttle: For the Adderall. I actually hadn't filled it but I filled it today. And I said, and it doesn't take one in the morning and I thought, Okay, I'm gonna take them in a try taking these exactly as prescribed.
Ethan Tuttle: And then even maybe try a day where I just don't take it and see how that day goes
Ethan Tuttle: And then the. The other thing is the
Ethan Tuttle: Suboxone which seems totally under control. So the thing. The other thing that I need to at least get on a like at least some steady about it is the
Ethan Tuttle: Vendors
Ethan Tuttle: So I hadn't been taking the vendors
Ethan Tuttle: Are was taking them once in a while and then
Ethan Tuttle: Stopping that Mary had prescribed and then I bought them from this guy that I know. So what I'm planning on doing is figuring figuring out and
Ethan Tuttle: In the next couple days. If I can get on a steady like I'm know everything and just and even if I'm a mess. At least I'm on the steady mess. And then I can start to make a goal, like, okay, let's slowly get this down to zero.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So remember that in the beginning, you were taking him as needed. So they were PRN so you're only taking them when you're when needed. If
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I just want to throw this information out. If you're, if you start taking them regularly. You can then become physically addicted to them as well.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And, you know, then you have to go through the detox of them to. And so you have to keep that in your mind as well, you know, whatever that that plan looks like keep that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In your mind, you know,
Ethan Tuttle: That's a good point. So I will like I'm not going to try to take them. I'll take them as as necessary. So I'll take them if I feel like I have panic or you
Ethan Tuttle: Or I feel, which, you know, I feel like I need it. I'm withdrawing from it. Then I'll take a little bit so that I don't feel uncomfortable from that.
Ethan Tuttle: Right.
Ethan Tuttle: Yeah, when I asked me to
Ethan Tuttle: Change my thinking from I take them to
Ethan Tuttle: Get out of myself to I take them just barely enough so uncomfortable.
Ethan Tuttle: And then, and then I because right. The problem is, right now I don't know how much of it that is every day.
Ethan Tuttle: You know I
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Get
Ethan Tuttle: I buy them. And yeah, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, so you've really got to, you know, be cautious.
You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Especially being on Suboxone and taking Benz's at the same time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, it's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's fine in moderation. You know what I mean. But when you start taking them and you're losing time because of them. Then again, that's, you know, that should be a huge concern, you know,
Ethan Tuttle: Yeah, yeah. And that's what literally those literally what ended me up in the hospital. And that's how I met you guys. It was a combination of the two. Right.
Ethan Tuttle: Yeah. And it turns out that or
Ethan Tuttle: I guess, thanks to Suboxone it's been
Ethan Tuttle: That has been an easy way for me to give up the the that part of it.
Ethan Tuttle: So,
Ethan Tuttle: Opiates. Yeah, exactly.
Ethan Tuttle: Um, so I need to
Ethan Tuttle: I need to recommit myself, sir.
Ethan Tuttle: Like
Ethan Tuttle: To add to it, making this a regular thing in a realistic way.
Ethan Tuttle: Yeah, I can't wake up tomorrow and be perfect. I just I can't
Ethan Tuttle: For one thing, I if I just stopped taking
Ethan Tuttle: My I might not die. But I would be extremely uncomfortable.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do you already experience.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do you already experienced detox symptoms when you don't have to take themselves.
Ethan Tuttle: Um,
Ethan Tuttle: Well, I've been taking them every day for
Ethan Tuttle: You know, like a month. So yeah, I would expect.
Ethan Tuttle: I've done this.
Ethan Tuttle: I've taken him every day, every day for a month and then I stopped taking them them. I go, this is really awful. I don't want you know
Ethan Tuttle: So I have a little bit of experience with it. The only and I've been in this exactly in the situation I'm in now, or it's like crap, I gotta stop taking them, but I don't know where the you know how to how to manage it.
Ethan Tuttle: You know, okay, so I'm taking today and I want to get to zero and it usually takes like
Ethan Tuttle: My buddy who went through the same thing.
Ethan Tuttle: He just had that
Ethan Tuttle: I'm sure you guys can see it with a lot of new patients when they're just so ready and they're just want to completely
Ethan Tuttle: Give up and and they'll do anything that you know anybody tells him or
Ethan Tuttle: You know, any dot whatever the doctor says, and this guy. He got lucky and you found this doctor or group of doctors who is very good with doing these dozens of withdrawals and their things. It was like six weeks long or they're just they were going down by tiny, tiny amounts
Ethan Tuttle: And and he said it was amazing because
Ethan Tuttle: He never felt high and he never, I never really felt only the tiniest bit of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Discomfort.
Ethan Tuttle: Of discomfort until I got all the way down here and it wasn't hard for him to to
Ethan Tuttle: Collect
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. And really, that's kind of a that's a taper off of them. And that's a safe way. You know, to taper off of vendors for sure.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, a lot of doctors like to do it that way, it could because again it is the safest way to do it.
Yep.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So they're just, you know, I want you to keep in mind. You're addicted brain that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, really throws those messages in your brain that says you know you need them to you need this.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You need all you know all of the Adderall. You're taking you need all of the vendors, you're taking
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that's what's going to make me feel better. You know, you have to really pay attention and identify that piece of your thought process as well.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean, because in reality.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, in the very beginning when you and I first are working with each other. You weren't taking Adderall. Right. And you were taking your bentos as needed. And you were doing pretty well.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're doing pretty well.
Ethan Tuttle: Right, I had a good like month or something there. And that was
Ethan Tuttle: That's where I wish I was. And then if I could just go from there to not being on Suboxone and be sober. I'd be thrilled.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, you know, once you tackle you know the other to the other one. Once you once you gain the foundation in your recovery. You know what I mean, and keep it for a little bit. The other one is easily. You know, it is an easy taper as well but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean, you've got this whole cocktail for disaster going on that you know is the outcome isn't going to be very good when you do your cost of analysis.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: cost benefit analysis. You know what I mean. Yeah. And it's about you being safe.
It's funny, I
Ethan Tuttle: I wrote down the cost benefit analysis.
Ethan Tuttle: It's almost like there's two different Ethan's that takes us like I totally takes them just to get higher to get out of myself.
Ethan Tuttle: Or and I also take them because it's like I you know I can't focus on work right now. And like a like a big part of the similar thing for the Benz's is it that there's, I have a real. I think it qualifies as the medicinal need for it, but
Ethan Tuttle: If I can't be trusted to date, you know, to know when those times are then I can't be trusted with the medicine and I just have to like suffer for because I have that this deficiency and it's like
Ethan Tuttle: So that's, that's something I know on like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Or find alternatives.
You know, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. I mean, there's an option as well. You know what I mean. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Something to think about.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because the whole idea and the whole goal is to be a BS sober healthy, Ethan. Right. Yeah.
Ethan Tuttle: All right, well,
Ethan Tuttle: Then I'm just in this last couple moments. I'm realizing that I'm happy to commit to
Ethan Tuttle: I tried to commit to this and it didn't stick but I'm gonna I'm gonna try it again because it right right now. The thing that makes sense to me as the journal and I can just get them journaling back
Ethan Tuttle: The this the cost benefit analysis that you talked about and do today, which was sort of like a it was a transition day in a weird way where I like got up in the morning. It wasn't sort of a normal day and
Ethan Tuttle: Had my coffee and like certain chatting with people you know
Ethan Tuttle: All the Germans are
Ethan Tuttle: Our offices basically working mainly with people in Berlin, so they're all in the end of their day when as we're waking up.
Ethan Tuttle: And I took on it it's it's a lot of stuff, but it's stuff that I think I can realistically get done this week. And if I could do that successfully this week and stick to this journaling thing.
Ethan Tuttle: Um, it wouldn't be like a home run. But at least it would be like
Ethan Tuttle: That'd be making progress.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, a step in the right direction. Yeah. Yeah. So tell me on a date within a day. How many Adderall DJ
Ethan Tuttle: So far I took it just like it's prescribed it said one in the morning. That's right. That's what I decided I was like okay, that seems like
Ethan Tuttle: Actually they tell you the truth.
Ethan Tuttle: Just remember, and I just describing the difference between taking something to get out of yourself and taking something that because it has a purpose.
Ethan Tuttle: Right when I started taking Adderall.
Ethan Tuttle: I took it exactly that way. I take it one in the morning and I wouldn't take one after you know in the mid afternoon because I knew it would screw up my sleep that night. Mm hmm. And then everything is fine and how it like um
Ethan Tuttle: I went to Bucharest or not Bucharest town in Romania and
Ethan Tuttle: I don't know if they suspected something with me and dragons of that town but
Ethan Tuttle: That. So there's, it's the big company, you know, they have 42 not huge, but they have 40 people working in their office and we have 4050 people working in our offices in San Francisco.
Ethan Tuttle: And everyone's flying back and forth and like joking about how hard each adjusting is the each direction.
Ethan Tuttle: But because I have these after all it's like on the first day I just wake up pop one of those things and walk into the office, like when when the meetings are supposed to start looking like totally normal. And they're like, I kind of tired. They're like, No, no problem.
Ethan Tuttle: Um, so, not that I want to
Ethan Tuttle: use drugs. That way you know my whole life.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you think it helps with a time adjustment.
Ethan Tuttle: Well, definitely, like in that case.
Ethan Tuttle: I mean, that was one of those cases where I was able to go go go in and
Ethan Tuttle: And have a good productive morning where I focused and ran all these meetings and that all this stuff. And usually they literally scheduled people to be sort of like missing the first two days of work when
Ethan Tuttle: When they fly over there because the time adjustment adjustment.
Ethan Tuttle: Right, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Makes sense.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So yes, that's very nice of them to do that to you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A lot of times the companies don't. It's like up you flew in today. Tomorrow 8am up here, our dime Edward. Let's get this show on the road.
Ethan Tuttle: In reality, you can't without pharmaceutical help. It's like unrealistic to
Ethan Tuttle: Think really hard, like all day long.
Ethan Tuttle: After when you turn your brain for a loop with with the time change.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A time
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you're gonna you're gonna start journaling. Again, you're gonna try to start journaling again.
Ethan Tuttle: Well, I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna. This is like my, I can do it.
Ethan Tuttle: Goal for the week.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If you go to smart recovery.com you can actually pull
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A cost benefit analysis assignment.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Out of their toolbox. Right.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, that you can utilize
Yep.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You can pull a lot of things out of their toolbox. I love their toolbox.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But that's definitely one thing that can really kind of let you see it on paper and give you a little bit bigger perspective, you know, you know, and you have to look at it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: with an open mind and
Ethan Tuttle: Be honest about it or maybe updated over a day when you're thinking about it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, totally.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because sometimes we see it through, you know, our perception and sometimes our perception isn't what other people see you know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's different. We think we're doing good, and other people are, are, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Seeing something different, you know,
Ethan Tuttle: Yeah, sure, a little
Ethan Tuttle: You know, knows, maybe I thought I was doing great over in Romania, but but they're all know because I was all chatter chatter in like
Ethan Tuttle: All different directions, trying to describe our systems work.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And they're gone. What's this guy on
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He's not happy.
Ethan Tuttle: No, no.
Ethan Tuttle: Never got any hints
Ethan Tuttle: That way that at this point, it's just like the time that I miss you know
Yeah.
Ethan Tuttle: They have seen me like I back I'm feeling so healthy, you know, I'm doing a founding these, you know, I found a new doctor that I really enjoy working with and
Ethan Tuttle: So that's kind of how I talk about it.
Good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, because really it's nobody's business, it's your own
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know it is a medical
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It is falls under your medical so it's not like you have to disclose anything to anybody.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But, you know, you think about the time that you know you have missed work over it and you know if that behavior continues. What that does is show inconsistent, you know, attendance. It shows
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Not being available. You know what I mean, all of those things that can really spell disaster.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, at the end of it. And the idea is to get you to, you know, the end of this job. So you get your, your severance package. You know what I mean. Yep. And you go out strong
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No, definitely. It's not about
Ethan Tuttle: Hopefully by the end of the job. I'll be
Ethan Tuttle: I'm like, because they're making pretty smart like the last month when, you know, your job is ending on you know the end the end of the day, you know, on a certain day at the end of this month.
Ethan Tuttle: They know that people aren't gonna be there and be thinking about their next job. So
Ethan Tuttle: So the goal is to have a have a job lined up, which basically means I have to basically finished the
Ethan Tuttle: I have this whole genius plan where in this started like um
Ethan Tuttle: I don't know how much of it me these stories. I told you, but there's this company that I'd really like to work before and I'd really think their product would benefit the company that I currently work for. And if I what was consistent and super effective about all all these
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Me.
You know,
Ethan Tuttle: Thing things I'm trying to do instead of like constantly missing meetings and or being inconsistent about things like
Ethan Tuttle: You know, so it's possible.
Ethan Tuttle: If there have been periods where it's possible that yes, the companies, even if they don't believe they even want the the product, just to sort of help me in my career future they'd be willing to
Ethan Tuttle: To take a serious look at that. So that's what I got to make happen.
Ethan Tuttle: on mute. This even have to listen to me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are you fighting allergies or are you getting a cold or
Ethan Tuttle: Um, I don't think it's from the
Ethan Tuttle: From any withdrawal. Nice. My wife and I both been service sniffily
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Probably allergies in
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Another piece of this, I want you to remember is that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When you're using substances and you're not sleeping on a regular basis, it lowers your immune system, your ability to fight things right, which makes you more vulnerable and more susceptible and knowing that they being
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Also makes you
Ethan Tuttle: Yeah, you know, I have written all over
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. So you've got both of those.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In play right now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right. So these are just things
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know for you to it's
Ethan Tuttle: Good motivation.
Ethan Tuttle: attics get to this. I don't know if you're an addict or alcoholic. But you get to this point where you're like,
Ethan Tuttle: It's hard to care in the first place, you know, and when you when you're in that point it's like
Ethan Tuttle: Are you know smokers they smoke every cigarette cigarette pack a day for 30 years and it is fine with it, where you're like,
Ethan Tuttle: It'll probably kill me. But it's hard to, it's hard to build up enough
Ethan Tuttle: So the very first step, you know, the well and in a their own
Ethan Tuttle: Where they admit they're powerless over alcohol that, that's fine. You can do that and keep on drinking. Yeah.
Ethan Tuttle: For me, I kind of think of like
Ethan Tuttle: If I'm really going to be at the beginning of of our trajectory. Our I'm like really getting sober instincts over and being a different person. Like, the first thing is to like Karen.
Ethan Tuttle: I know how I get this way, but I just started not like yeah I know there's consequences to like a cost benefit analysis, there's just all this awful stuff in the negative column, but I'm just like,
Ethan Tuttle: It doesn't
Ethan Tuttle: That's what I used to talk about a lot in smart meetings is like that motivation part of it, like, yeah, great, but like, how do we, how do you
Ethan Tuttle: Logically, that makes sense. Which is great. That's why I love these meetings. But then, what is it that makes me care and just even the state that I'm in right now is like, I haven't talked to my family, which is like, which is kills them I my little niece. She's like,
Ethan Tuttle: Three years old and it's like, so this will affect the development of our relationship forever until she's a teenager in a grown up adult is it. Oh yeah, uncle, Ethan, he was he was around and anyway so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, what I know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know what I know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What change happens when it hurts too bad to stay the same.
Ethan Tuttle: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that's where you start caring
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And where you want to, you know, do something different because you're uncomfortable in this scenario that you're sitting in
Ethan Tuttle: He's holding on to this thing that you think
Ethan Tuttle: You have, you know, because you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Want to
Ethan Tuttle: Stop. You've, you've, you've lost. So you're like okay I don't care, I can just let go, whatever it is.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You just gotta get to a point where again where enough is enough. And, you know, you don't know. You know, I don't know what that's going to be for you. You don't know what that's going to be for you until you make that that decision to say
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know it's going to be hard, but I need to get my shit together and I need to do something different or I'm gonna lose. And you know, that's where we're
Ethan Tuttle: Even I think that's kind of a trick.
Ethan Tuttle: That the attics and addiction play on that it isn't actually that hard.
Ethan Tuttle: We have this the science and the techniques like if I'm 100% committed to the bottom of my heart right now to
Ethan Tuttle: Get from where I'm at, to, you know, totally clean off of all these things.
Ethan Tuttle: We get there's a there's totally a path to doing that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's there's these little things. I don't want to let go of you know i don't i don't want to let go of this and I say,
Ethan Tuttle: It's like I refused to let anyone else manage it for me. So, and then, and then I'm my own doctor and it keeps working out of about this well.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's the meaning of insanity, is it not.
Ethan Tuttle: Yeah yeah well
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Doing the same thing over and over, open for different results.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's something to think about.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And, you know, even you have a lot of yet to yeah a lot of yet.
Ethan Tuttle: Yeah, that was bumming me. I mean, I'm sorry I'm not to
Ethan Tuttle: Give you a hard time for me out. But that's the thing is that I have
Ethan Tuttle: This life where it's teetering on
Ethan Tuttle: Well, I don't know. I have like enough money in the bank that I could like go into a drug hole for like
Ethan Tuttle: If I don't kill myself with drugs. I could do it for like years
Ethan Tuttle: Right.
Ethan Tuttle: Yeah.
Ethan Tuttle: I would slowly lose all these things that i i love that I've obviously been willing to
Ethan Tuttle: You know, in the past, to pay those sacrifices
Ethan Tuttle: I'm going to try to impress you this week and do this the simple things that I'm that I'm saying I'm going to do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And there they are. They're just simple things. You know what I mean, they're nothing, you know, they're, it's not a bunch of changes, but it's just about reviewing and analyzing and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're trying to pick back up. One thing that you let job.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you know, I definitely don't want to bum you out. But I'm not going to sugarcoat anything
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm going to give you a reality.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I'm going to be 100% truthful with you. You know what I mean. And this isn't based off of what I'm telling you is not based off textbook. It's based off experience.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So, you know, you know what, what could possibly you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely. And, you know, if you go into a benzo blackout again.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, the, it's very much real and this is a horrible for me to say and I hate saying it. But the reality of that can be you know that your addiction wins. In the end, and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know your your family will suffer a huge loss.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so you have to know that, again, if you've heard me say this 100 times that it has one job.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: One job and that's to take you out.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you have to remember that, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Something else to think about
Ethan Tuttle: Yeah, it's interesting that you that I said that and you latched on to it. I wasn't even
Ethan Tuttle: There's a lot of the consequences are the
Ethan Tuttle: That is a
Ethan Tuttle: putting myself in your shoes, listening to me talk
Ethan Tuttle: all this crazy stuff happened last week, you know, a couple like days when I should have been at work and I wasn't and like
Ethan Tuttle: Arguments with the wave and low. Yeah. And then there's this like a Thursday. I think it was Wednesday. I was like, kind of doing okay and then Thursday I just suddenly can't remember.
Ethan Tuttle: You know,
Ethan Tuttle: There's a
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: D, are you missing the day or just hours.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sorry, I got it.
Ethan Tuttle: Well actually it's
Ethan Tuttle: It's not like long periods of time. We're going by. Right. I don't know what happened.
Ethan Tuttle: I wasn't really in really bad shape. And in that, in that way, like, you know,
Ethan Tuttle: Sort of in the months leading up to the when I went to the ER. Yeah.
Ethan Tuttle: But uh yeah weeks would go a week would go by and I wouldn't really know
Ethan Tuttle: What happened, we're going on. And if I could just
Ethan Tuttle: Journal that would kind of put a stop to that because then have the journal. Right. Who cares if I took 16 Xanax or whatever. But if I write it down and then I'm like, well, no wonder, everything's kind of hazy be heads, and then at least like a look at really what you know.
Ethan Tuttle: It can be really powerful. So yeah, I really, really want to do that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So I'm hoping that you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, but then there's also this whole piece to that says that, you know, if you're in that state of mind your addiction isn't going to want you to write down what's happening.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, to me,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's easy to say
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, do it later do it later. And I'll do it tomorrow, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because your addiction, you know that lives in your mind. It does not want you know to lose control.
Doesn't
Ethan Tuttle: Yeah.
Ethan Tuttle: Let's say keep it's funny though because they want you always but you know both the addiction in your better your better half or whatever, you know, you always want to make the next right
Ethan Tuttle: Decision and when I'm kind of in both or, you know, because I'm working. I did some actual work today and I'm going to do some actual work and we wrap up.
Ethan Tuttle: Yeah.
Ethan Tuttle: Within control. Sometimes it's so hard, because it's like I could do my journal right now but you know I literally just told my boss, if this thing was going to be done by 10 o'clock, and it's 945 so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it's like, I better do this first
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I gotta do this verse.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What does it
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Say about it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Here is
Ethan Tuttle: She
Ethan Tuttle: She's amazing. She just sort of
Ethan Tuttle: My perspective on it is that she's like, she's so committed to me and our
Ethan Tuttle: Our like marriage and our future together that she like when she sees me kind of losing control and she knows that because he tried to control a game for a little while, at the very beginning is interesting because she had never heard of.
Ethan Tuttle: The principles of
Ethan Tuttle: What's, what's the concept of
Ethan Tuttle: Coke.
Ethan Tuttle: Correct codependency or you know how powerful addiction is. And can you, like, just like
Ethan Tuttle: Can you put someone in the cell like that are going to help
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Me.
Ethan Tuttle: And the answer is totally now so he didn't know any of that stuff and over there with a couple we have 10 years off together pretty much now.
Ethan Tuttle: So she's seen eight years of me as a sober person in these two years of me, and she most of that time to figure out, like you can't do anything when I go into this mode. So she just sort of rolls along with me. Sometimes she even parties with me lately like
Ethan Tuttle: Lately, she's been in a on like sobriety house kick. Um, and so she's sort of
Ethan Tuttle: doing her best to take care of, like, get me to eat every day and
Ethan Tuttle: Instead, at what she thinks the best decision is for the day. And that's all she does.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow.
Ethan Tuttle: Then we have these great times where I'm like, where I, you know, turn, turn around and you know have a day where I'm don't run in everything into the ground and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How many days a week. Does that happen.
Ethan Tuttle: I feel like like the last two weeks this
Ethan Tuttle: This whole relapse. I forget.
Ethan Tuttle: It's like three weeks. Right.
Ethan Tuttle: Like a month ago, I think I was certain still solidly in the VHS I'm making that up. Or is that sound about right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Now it's been a little over a month. I think that you've been struggling with
Ethan Tuttle: Okay, a month. Yeah.
Ethan Tuttle: Um,
Ethan Tuttle: Yeah, so I would say on average in that time. I've had to like really bad.
Ethan Tuttle: I'm totally out of control kind of
Ethan Tuttle: Episodes and I've had
Ethan Tuttle: Many sort of sweet nights, but liliya we're just starting out and watching TV together and I got you know I do work the next day says it's not like I'm failing.
Ethan Tuttle: And you know only failing.
Ethan Tuttle: When say one day out of the week. But I mean, come on, completely losing control not going to work and
Ethan Tuttle: When data we can
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, just know that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That this disease that you're struggling with
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That it's progressive. Yeah, right.
Ethan Tuttle: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So remember that piece to that that one day can easily turn into two or three days and before you know it, it's five days.
Ethan Tuttle: Yeah, no, I even even status quo is like the one day a week is not acceptable. I obviously I can't live this way.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And are you losing weight.
Ethan Tuttle: I definitely lost weight because I was at a. I was like, not eating at all. And then with Lily as health. We started on we got into a like having at least one big meal a day.
Ethan Tuttle: Routine and that has a
Ethan Tuttle: Game. I'm not gaining weight, but at least I'm not like becoming skinnier and skinnier.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I'm still not losing anymore.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know you're able to eat a full meal.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, okay, good.
Ethan Tuttle: Yeah, it's funny, like
Ethan Tuttle: I really don't want to claim victory or that everything's going fine but you'd be surprised. Like this morning. I got up and had a pancake. And I think they might have made a smoothie to
Ethan Tuttle: And then jumped into some like
Ethan Tuttle: Some stuff at work and had a pretty pretty normal day
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's good. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely. How's your water intake.
Ethan Tuttle: I don't do great with that because I don't like to drink.
Ethan Tuttle: Tap water, but we have a ton of like
Ethan Tuttle: Sports drinks would buy them by the case and I get hired and drinking them so
Ethan Tuttle: I do get into a mode where I don't drink enough water so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So that's something to work on, you know, somewhere down the road, not saying you got to work on that today, but definitely somewhere down the road. Get back in
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, to putting healthy in your body.
Ethan Tuttle: Yeah, um, last week when I was talking to both you guys about this.
Ethan Tuttle: journaling thing.
Ethan Tuttle: I was talking about making a spreadsheet instead of a journal or a sort of combination of the
Ethan Tuttle: Water call on
Ethan Tuttle: Us to put in there like, you know, how is your bowel movements and all the basic stuff.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because, you know, part of it is, is one of the first things that obviously you know you know that one of the first things we start falling short on is our self care.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is what we put in our body, how much we're sleeping. If we're drinking enough water, all of those things that our body needs to function we, you know, those are the first things that kind of get thrown to the wayside, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so getting you back on a you know this daily routine of eating, you know, healthier and you know journaling and you know getting full night's sleep. So how was your sleep.
Ethan Tuttle: Well, it's been all over the place.
Ethan Tuttle: Yeah, I'm seeing
Ethan Tuttle: It. If I can just get the same side of my mind to get into the journaling thing. There's just so much power in it for so many reasons that I'm
Ethan Tuttle: That'll be a huge
Ethan Tuttle: That just that in itself would be a you know a huge difference. And I'm not saying that I want to keep things status quo, but that's really my I'm excited about.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that's just step one and it's simple. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Keep it simple.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Keep it simple right now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Don't want to put too much on your plate because then it becomes too overwhelming.
Ethan Tuttle: Right.
Ethan Tuttle: Yeah, you sound like
Ethan Tuttle: Given that I am like I'm in this period where I have to work or
Ethan Tuttle: I get to work. I mean,
Ethan Tuttle: I think it'd be so stupid right now to like go to a 30 day or go to some recovery program or whatever.
Ethan Tuttle: Because I'm in this like
Ethan Tuttle: Sit you know situation with my job where the expectations are kind of low the payment is like really high.
Ethan Tuttle: Um,
Ethan Tuttle: Yeah, so I should I should keep going with it as long as I can.
Ethan Tuttle: And it's
Ethan Tuttle: Clear
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, and your recovery.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Try to get back on track with, you know, consistency and work in your recovery and at the end of it. If you find out that, you know, it's too much, it's too hard. You can't do it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Then, really think about going into a 30 day rehab to you know get that foundation bag. You know what I mean. But I get it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, I totally get it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, there's a lot at stake right now, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So I you know concur with you, you know, definitely in the past. My idea is, well, if you can stay sober, you're going to need. And, you know, really a Sam, which is the basis of recovery treatment. Anyway, says if you can't stay sober at this level of care. We need to bump you up another level.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, you need a higher level of care and so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The next level of here from outpatient is I O P which is three days a week and then
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The next one above that as five days a week, where you check in, you know, on a daily basis and or the end of the day, or you know whatever that looks like and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Interesting. Yeah.
Ethan Tuttle: So do you guys
Ethan Tuttle: Do those more intense of levels. Already, would it be like some other
Ethan Tuttle: Provider
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think that they do do, um, you are able to do I op, I believe I have to check with Helena, but you certainly can, you know, we can get you engaged in
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, in another group or we can definitely you and I can check in three times a week.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And just to have an end of day check in to see where you're at and to see what you're doing and see how your day went
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's certainly possible. You know, I don't have a problem, you know, doing that, if that is going to help you get back on track. You know what I mean. I say we do it you know i mean whatever it's going to take you. This is your ship. So you have to tell me what is going to work for Ethan
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean.
Ethan Tuttle: Yeah, I mean, I'd be happy to have a if you can schedule something on Friday, we could meet on Friday, and I can show you what a
Ethan Tuttle: Accomplishments
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Can you meet me at like on Friday at like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: 145
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Two o'clock.
Ethan Tuttle: I think so, it's unlikely at this point that I haven't you like
Ethan Tuttle: It used to be that I hardly had any time but like it's gotten more and more like
Ethan Tuttle: Critical things on my calendar.
Ethan Tuttle: Yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Alright, so let's do that. Let's just bump you up from once a week to today, and a check in on Friday and see where you're at, where you, where you went for the last, you know couple days.
Ethan Tuttle: That sounds great.
Right, yeah.
Ethan Tuttle: So maybe I don't know you probably do like hour long sessions is this, do you do any of these shorter checking session.
Ethan Tuttle: Yes. Yeah, there's a thing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yep. You don't have to. We don't have to spend an hour twice a week together. What we can do is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Doing a check and can be 15 minutes or 30 minutes it's whatever you know we
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Whatever we seen suitable well we can work.
Ethan Tuttle: So what did you say exactly
Friday.
Ethan Tuttle: Right. What time on Friday.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Two in the afternoon.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To 145
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We can do 145 to I get out a group at 130
Ethan Tuttle: Some sort of casual thing it's three on my calendar. So let's do 145 to two
Okay.
If that's open
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I don't have anything after group. What I usually do is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: My day is usually done after that Friday group, but so we can do a 15 to 30 minute check in over the, you know, and see where you're at.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: 45 PM and I'm just going to put it as 30 minutes, but we can stay 15 minutes if things are going great. There's no reason why
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know if
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're struggling with something we can certainly
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Change it around and, you know, we'll do it. I'll set this in my calendar for
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: This Friday.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, and I'll set it in my calendar for next Friday.
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And we'll go from there we'll see how you're doing. And if we need to up it then we'll have it for three times three check, you know, to check ins in an individual in your group, you know, but we'll just try to get you back.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: On track and help you figure out where your motivation when you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sound like a plan.
Ethan Tuttle: Yeah, I'm doing the same thing.
Ethan Tuttle: Every one week and on
Ethan Tuttle: April.
Ethan Tuttle: Cool.
Ethan Tuttle: Great.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So Missy then show I have you set for this coming Friday.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: See
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I didn't do something right because it's not showing
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I want to put 30 minutes put Friday.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: 1.5
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so for the next two days.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, try
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Try to journal
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, right.
Ethan Tuttle: You don't like it just because you're like one more person that I'm
Ethan Tuttle: Responsible to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm gonna walk through this
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And get you back to the other side. All right.
Yep.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's the idea.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, make sure there is. Then where you are.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To 1724. There you are. Okay, perfect.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Alright, so I have you set in stone for
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: For Friday check in. So in the next two days. Today's Wednesday. So try to get up in the morning do get into your routine.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Try to journal. I don't care if you journal at night or even if you journal in the morning and journal at night. But whichever works best for you. Even if you journal before you go to bed.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But just pay attention to how much sleep you're getting pay attention what you did, healthy, pay attention. What you did unhealthy. You know what I mean.
Ethan Tuttle: Room.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And let's try to work on on those pieces.
You
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sound like a plan.
Ethan Tuttle: Yeah, sounds like a great point.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And what are you doing to get away from the computer.
Ethan Tuttle: Usually I go and buy, buy drugs every couple days.
Ethan Tuttle: But I'm not
Ethan Tuttle: I actually have a grocery date with I'm with my wife tonight.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Awesome for
Ethan Tuttle: Good for good, do we remove that filter mark is the grocery stores are closing earlier.
Ethan Tuttle: I forgot our plan, but yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Well, that's good. At least you're getting out away from the computer.
Ethan Tuttle: So creepy and we're going outside, though, because you have to do the gloves and a
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mask and
Ethan Tuttle: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In your area, are they telling you that if you don't wear your mask. You can't be have any service.
Ethan Tuttle: Um,
Ethan Tuttle: Telling people I'm doing any business with from don't really care if I'm wearing a mask or not so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I mean, when you go to the store.
Ethan Tuttle: I didn't get turned away from a drug dealer one time back because
Ethan Tuttle: It's he was, he is way back in the day was in New York City. When they had
Ethan Tuttle: Corruption and more more corruption than they do now. So this drug dealer had who ran this one corner his deal to city was because they're having a problem where kids were getting addicted to heroin that were too young. So they made him card everyone that he sold their into
Ethan Tuttle: And so it was funny because it was kind of like harm reduction way before its time. It was before Giuliani was mayor.
Yeah yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I can never met a drug dealer that card and anybody that's funny. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you were too young.
Ethan Tuttle: Yeah, I got card for trying to buy one of those to you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's one for the story books, that's for sure.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh my god. Okay, so we have a game plan set in place.
Ethan Tuttle: Yep.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I will see you on Friday 145 okay
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sounds like a plan.
Ethan Tuttle: I look forward to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. All right. Ethan stay well and I will see you on Friday. Good. Okay.
Ethan Tuttle: Thanks. Oh, hey, by the way, I don't know.
Ethan Tuttle: Did you hear the whole story that about they gave me the wrong room code. When I first showed up.
Ethan Tuttle: Ah, yeah. It wasn't as late as you probably thought I was because
Ethan Tuttle: I did. I called him like my wife's things
Ethan Tuttle: Just like I'm supposed to. I called in 20 minutes early and paid and got the room number which look kind of weird. And then I called it right at six o'clock, and I got lead into as low as in some other
Ethan Tuttle: Other groups, if someone had given me an other wrong group number so yeah at six o'clock I do call back and then wait for the waiting period again.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To go
Ethan Tuttle: Like, Oh, thank you. Yeah, so that's why I'm shut up.
Ethan Tuttle: Whenever I did 615
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's okay. That's all right. You know, I asked them if you were in the waiting room and they told me. Yes. Yeah, they were there. So they you know i know that they have a lot going on that, you know, we are just exploding everything's going to zoom and
Ethan Tuttle: You know, it's great. Your writers
Ethan Tuttle: Perfect for, like, I mean, it's a great business. Anyway, I would predict that it would be growing like gangbusters. But now the whole telemedicine thing and everything. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it's
Ethan Tuttle: Cool.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's crazy. Everything's going to zoom. You know, so, um, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it would make sense, this is my, this is the room that will me always meet that but you still think of the virtual clinic and check in, because they have their
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Bam surveys and stuff that you have to do, which keeps them updated on your progress and where you're at and what's happening, you know, all of that stuff. So, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But if you ever get for our individuals. The group one will always be different, but for our individuals, it's always going to be this group.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: This number. Okay. Okay. So if you ever get anything. Yeah. If you ever get anything other than this for individuals.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, they gave you the wrong one.
Ethan Tuttle: Okay.
Ethan Tuttle: Perfect. So far, they've been pretty good so
Ethan Tuttle: Yeah, I'll take it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: with a grain of salt. Okay, yeah, they're just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They're just really busy, I get it, I watched them, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Go crazy if I can imagine that if they had an office that the people in virtual clinic where you would see them just running, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's what I am.
Ethan Tuttle: Really impressed with Danielle, like a man of crazy insurance problems and all that she saw. Um, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, she's awesome, isn't she, she can definitely
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Work some magic, that's for sure.
Ethan Tuttle: And she said, You know what, I've never met, Rebecca, but I heard really good things about her. So that's another thing about how you guys are so weird, because you've never, never met each other.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I know, I know. Definitely. I've seen her work miracles to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, one day, I hope that we go good to be able to be in the same room, you know, and get to know each
Ethan Tuttle: Other a little conference or something.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I think it would be really cool. Definitely.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm gonna let you go, and I will see you Friday 145 okay
Ethan Tuttle: Sounds good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Alright. Have a good evening. Okay, right. All right, bye. Ethan